Import CRAC from NC profiles (#1212)
powsybl/pypowsybl: docs/user_guide/rao.rst

          "capacity-calculation-region-eic-code": "10Y1001C--00095L",
          "tsos-which-do-not-use-patl-in-final-state": [
            "REE"
          ],
          "curative-instants": [
            {
              "name": "curative 1",
              "application-time": 300
            },
            {
              "name": "curative 2",
              "application-time": 600
            },
            {
              "name": "curative 3",
              "application-time": 1200
            }
          ],
          "borders": [
            {
              "name": "ES-FR",
              "eic": "10YDOM--ES-FR--D",
              "default-for-tso": "RTE"
            },
            {
              "name": "ES-PT",
              "eic": "10YDOM--ES-PT--T",
              "default-for-tso": "REN"
            }
          ],
          "restricted-curative-batches-per-tso": {
            "REE": [
              "curative 1",
              "curative 2"
            ],
            "REN": [
              "curative 1"
            ]
          }
        }
      }
    }

In pypowsybl you simply need to provide the path to the JSON CRAC creation parameters file:

.. code-block:: python

>     crac = Crac.load(network, "path/to/crac.json", creation_parameters_file="path/to/parameters.json")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    crac = Crac.from_file_source(network, "path/to/crac.json", creation_parameters_file="path/to/parameters.json")
```
